Are you a city, a country or a beach person?
Are you a person who hates routine?
Are you addicted to anything?
Are you introverted?
Are you spiritual?
Could you have responded in a different way?
Did you overreact to anything this week?
Do you have a current habit at the moment that you would like to correct?
Do you have a pet?
Do you have a routine?
Do you prefer fiction or non-fiction?
Do you see yourself in the same job in 10 years?
Do your goals truly reflect your desires?
Does it leave you wanting more?
Does your current job offer continued opportunities for development?
Does your work drain or overwhelm you?
Have you been ashamed or disappointed in yourself recently?
Have you generally been on time lately?
Have your fears changed throughout life?
How /where can you use your new knowledge and experience?
How are you sleeping at the moment?
How can you better support and appreciate your loved ones?
How can you extend that same compassion to yourself?
How can you reframe problems to encourage yourself instead?
How did you act and why?
How did you sleep last night?
How do you draw strength from loved ones?
How do you handle a bad day?
How do you handle these emotions?
How do you look after your mental health?
How do you look after your physical health?
How do you maintain balance in your life?
How do you make time for yourself each day?
How do you manage stress?
How do you prioritize self-care?
How do you recognize it in a relationship?
How do you relax?
How do you show compassion to others?
How do you show yourself kindness and compassion each day?
How do you think your partner feels about you?
How do you use your personal strengths and abilities at work?
How do your co-workers and supervisors recognize your strengths?
How does it feel to be the age you are?
How does work fulfill you?
How does your experience compare to the literature?
How has each member of your immediate family shaped you?
How has your environment shaped you?
How has your personality shaped your life?
How have you been feeling lately?
How was your day?
How will you achieve your goals?
How will you commit to taking better care of yourself?
How will you feel if you achieve your current goal?
How will your current goals look in five years?
I really value your relationship with...
I will never...
If you were stranded on a desert island, who, what and why?
If you won lotto tomorrow, what would you do?
In what ways have you grown as a person this year?
Is this something you can change?
It’s so awesome that...
I’m so happy that... 
I’ve noticed lately that I’ve been really good at...
My dream vacation is ...
My favourite childhood memory is ...
My favourite way to spend the day is ...
My perfect day looks like...
Of all of the books you have read this year,
One thing that is nagging you at the moment is...
Reflect on how you have changed since 5 years ago
Reminisce about your first love.
Reminisce about your wedding day
Right now, you could not live without...
Right now, you feel...
Sit down and do a life audit. Work through every
The best advice you could give someone at the moment is...
The best thing I’ve got going on right now is...
The best thing that happened today was?
The most important things in your life are ...
What 1 thing can you not live without?
What 10 things that inspire or motivate you.
What 4 little things that always make you happy
What 5 things you love about your home
What about your work feels real, necessary, or important to you?
What advice would you give to a child?
What advice would you give to your 20-something self?
What advice would you give to your teenage self?
What advice would you give your 20-something self?
What am you most grateful for this year?
What am you most grateful for today?
What am you proud of yourself for?
What are 99 things you love? 
What are the 3 biggest distractions in your life
What are the next steps?
What are three current important goals?
What are three self-defeating thoughts that show up in your self-talk?
What are three things that can instantly disrupt a good mood and bring you down
What are three things that could be better?
What are three things working well in your current relationship?
What are you afraid of?
What are you ashamed of?
What are you really good at?
What are you thankful for?
What are your beliefs?
What are your career ambitions?
What are your favorite hobbies?
What are your own strengths and weaknesses?
What are your strengths in relationships (kindness, empathy, etc.)?
What are your top life hacks?
What are your top three goals?
What aspects of your life are you most grateful for?
What book has influenced you
What bothers you?
What boundaries could you set in your relationships to safeguard your own well-being?
What brings a tear to the eye?
What brings you joy?
What can you do about it?
What can you do to change your life?
What can you do to get closer to your goals?
What can you do to improve your work performance?
What can you do?
What can you not live without?
What can you not live without?
What changes you need to make?
What connections can you make between this experience and the wider context?
What could you do to improve your health?
What could you improve?
What decisions you could make that would improve your health?
What did you learn from a bad choice?
What did you learn from the experience?
What difficult thoughts or emotions come up most frequently for you?
What do is your greatest personal success?
What do is your greatest professional success?
What do you admire?
What do you appreciate?
What do you fear most?
What do you look forward to most in the future?
What do you love most about your partner?
What do you most want to accomplish in life?
What do you most want your children (or future children) to learn from you?
What do you need to change?
What do you value most in relationships?
What do you want achieve in the next fortnight?
What do you want to be remembered for?
What do you want to do this weekend?
What do you want to improve?
What do you wish others knew about you?
What does growing older mean to you?
What does it mean to live an authentic life?
What does love mean to you?
What does not work for you?
What does success mean to you?
What does your work teach you?
What excites you about the future?
What experience would you want to relive?
What five things are you grateful for?
What five traits do you value most in potential partners?
What friends are you most grateful for?
What go-to coping strategies do you have?
What has caused you the most stress or anxiety lately?
What has disappointed you recently?
What has influenced you?
What have you learned?
What helps you stay focused and motivated when you feel discouraged?
What hobbies or interests that you would like to pursue?
What is a choice you regret?
What is a habit you would like to change?
What is a perfect day?
What is a perfect evening?
What is a perfect morning?
What is a perfect week?
What is a perfect weekend?
What is causing you stress?
What is important?
What is on your bucket list?
What is something that has impacted positively on your life?
What is something you would love to learn?
What is the best advice someone has ever given you?
What is the best compliment you’ve ever received?
What is the best gift you have ever given?
What is the best gift you have ever received?
What is the best thing you've heard this Month?
What is the best thing you've heard this Year?
What is the best thing you've heard this week?
What is the best thing you've heard?
What is the best thing you've read this Month?
What is the best thing you've read this Year?
What is the best thing you've read this week?
What is the best thing you've read?
What is the best thing you've watched this Month?
What is the best thing you've watched this Year?
What is the best thing you've watched this week?
What is the best thing you've watched?
What is working?
What is your biggest inspiration at the moment?
What is your biggest priority?
What is your biggest weakness?
What is your current greatest strength?
What is your dream life?
What is your earliest childhood memory?
What is your favorite thing to do when feeling low?
What is your favourite season?
What is your greatest strength?
What is your main priority this year?
What is your superpower?
What made you laugh today?
What made you smile?
What makes a perfect morning?
What makes each friend so special
What makes you feel amazing?
What makes you feel bad?
What makes you feel good?
What makes you smile?
What makes you uniquely you?
What memory do you cherish the most?
What might have helped or improved things?
What models can help you make sense?
What needs changing?
What needs improvement?
What needs work?
What obstacles are there?
What one thing that you need to improve on?
What part of your workday do you most enjoy?
What parts of daily life cause stress, frustration, or sadness?
What parts of life surprised you most?
What place makes you feel most peaceful?
What qualities of your personality have been dominate lately?
What satisfies you?
What scares you?
What should you have done?
What should you have not done?
What strategies do you use to counter these effects?
What surprised me?
What techniques do you use to deal with procrastination?
What ten things that make you smile?
What three important things have you learned from previous relationships?
What three obstacles lying in the way of your contentment or happiness. 
What three ordinary things bring you the most joy?
What three questions would help understand who you are today?
What three strategies that help you stay present?
What three strategies to help boost mindfulness?
What three things can help you begin working to accomplish those goals?
What three things would you share with your teenage self?
What three things you couldn’t live without
What three things you’d like to tell a friend,family member, or partner.
What turned out the way you expected it
What two potential solutions to begin overcoming each obstacle.
What was the best concert you have ever been to?
What was the defining moment in your life?
What was the funniest thing you saw or heard this
What was the last book you read?
What was your childhood like?
What went well and what didn’t?
What will like look like if you achieve your current goal?
What will you do on your next day off?
What words do you live by?
What works for you?
What would be your theme song?
What would you choose for a superpower?
What would you do if it were your last day on earth?
What would you do if you knew you could not fail?
What would you like to learn?
What would you want to ask an older version of yourself?
What would you want to invent?
What you need in your life right now is/are...
What your top wellness tips
When do you feel happiest in your skin?
When you are feeling down, what picks you up?
Where did you grow up?
Where do you see yourself in 5 years from now?
Where do you see yourself next year?
Where is your favourite place in the world?
Where would you like to travel to on your next holiday?
Which emotions do you find hardest to accept (guilt, anger, disappointment,
Which has been your favourite trip, and why?
Who do you look up to?
Who do you trust most?
Who do you trust with your most painful and upsetting feelings?
Who has influenced you?
Who inspires you?
Would you do things differently? If so how?
Write a poem.
Write a short love letter to some object or place that makes you happy.
Write about a book, movie or song that has made a
Write about something you have never told anyone
Write about the first thing that comes into your head
Write about the first time you saw/held your
Write about what or who you see.
Write the top 5 things in your life that are
Write the words you need to hear right now.
Write your own What of writing prompts just like
X is a part of your life, because...
learning and growth?
